Fixed #20151 -- Added permission check for unregistered models in AdminActionsTest. (#21127)
django/django: docs/releases/6.1.txt

:mod:`django.contrib.admin`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* ``ModelAdmin.get_deleted_objects()`` now falls back to checking a user's

>   model delete permissions if the model is not registered in the admin.

Reviewer: This is good. I have a minor grammar suggestion:

```suggestion
* ``ModelAdmin.get_deleted_objects()`` now falls back to checking the user's
  model delete permission for models not registered in the admin.
```

Also, could you move this new comment to the bottom of the list of admin changes, rather than the top? Typically, items are listed in chronological order of when they were applied.
